>> Bianca Gandolfo: Great, so
we're gonna talk about the arguments,
array-like objects, a little bit more.
But first, let's run this code,
see what happens.
Who wants to go first?
Someone probably wants to go first
cuz there's a crazy line here.
So whoever goes first
doesn't have to do that line.
For sure.
No takers,
you guys all want to do line two?
All right, lets see,
Jenny can you choose someone to go.
[LAUGH]
>> Speaker 2: Lets
say two people directly behind me.
Is there, nope,
there's no one directly behind me, sorry.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
am I starting it off?
>> Speaker 2: Yup.
>> Speaker 3: Or do line two?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: It's a gift
really cuz it's the easiest one.
What's the very first thing that
happens in this code block?
>> Speaker 3: So we declare accounts
variable and give it a function.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yep, so we're creating
this definition somewhere in memory.
Great, which way you wanna go,
left or right?
Who do you like better?
>> Speaker 3: Ohhh!
>> Bianca Gandolfo: [LAUGH]
>> Speaker 3: [LAUGH]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Just kidding!
>> Speaker 3: I'm gonna go with my guy,
Ben over there.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: We're gonna skip!
Okay.
>> Speaker 3: He's in my
fantasy football team league.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: [LAUGH]
>> Speaker 3: I lost to him last
time, so [LAUGH]
>> Speaker 4: [LAUGH]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And just so you know,
it's gonna go this way now,
so be prepared.
Did you see that, Dan?
It's gonna go this way, okay.
>> Speaker 3: So we just jumped
over the declarations there, right?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yep, so
we jumped over the function body, and
now we're-
>> Speaker 3: Now,
we are currently calling the constructArr
function with the Passing
at the arguments was it in.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: That
sounds really bad actually.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Man, ok, Dan?
>> Dan: The question is
what is running next?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
what happens next?
>> Dan: The function
body is going to get run?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yep, so
we'll jump into the function body, and
then what happens?
>> Dan: New variables declared.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
>> Dan: Array or ARR.
>> Speaker 2: Yep.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: We declare a variable
R, and we assign it to something crazy.
Ryan, do you want to take
a stab at what's happening?
>> Speaker 3: So you
assign it to the arguments
that were called, was it in.
But prototype slice,
I mean, you are going to create
a slice of an array somehow, but
I'm not really sure what
mechanically happens at that point.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
a little bit crazy.
What this does is it will
take an array-like object and
turn it into an array.
So basically,
what it's doing is it's referencing
the slice method that comes with arrays,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And
passing it that,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: It's passing it
the argument pseudo array as the context.
And as a result of that,
it gets It turns an object
like an array like object into an array,
array.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Does that make sense?
You don't have to understand
what this stuff is doing.
Just know that this craziness is going to
turn this argument's object into an array.
Yeah?
Cool.
And then.
>> Speaker 6: Is this
the cannonical way of doing that,
of taking that pseudo arguments array?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Pretty much.
Has anyone done it a different way?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
this is the way I've always done it.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay, so array is
now an array that looks like what?
Let's just, man really?
This is not how it's supposed to work,
okay.
So what is ARR look like at this point,
Jenny?
I'm going to write it out first.
>> Speaker 7: What does it
look like at this point?
I don't know what to say right now.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Sure.
So do you remember what happened here?
In this craziness?
>> Speaker 7: Yeah,
it took the string-looking array and
turned it into an array.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, and so
what does that array look like?
>> Speaker 7: So it's got the brackets and
then the was it in separate
pieces of the array?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yep, exactly.
Cool.
And then, Josh what happens next?
>> Speaker 3: Push the billiards
room onto that array.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
>> Speaker 3: So it ends up on the end.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: What's that?
>> Speaker 3: It ends up on the end.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yes, so
now we have an array that looks like this.
The billiards room.
And then, Altimere,
what are we going to return?
>> Speaker 4: So, you do need some sort of
manipulation with the join of that array.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So, the join method
is a native array method that's going to
take all of the indices and
join it with whatever character you
give here, so I just put a space.
So it's going to join it with the space.
So it'll say,
was it in the billiards room?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
that's what we just did.
How do we feel about that?
Makes sense?
Any questions about anything in there?
>> Speaker 7: Is it returning a string?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yep.